Platforms

    Huggingface - Machine learning models and datasets
    created, fine-tuned and publsihed more than 30 models for text generation, image generation, text summarization, and published more than 10 datasets 
    some of the projects include fine-tuned stable diffusion models to generate anime images, images in the style of cyberpunk, finetuned to generate on certain faces, and more
    text based - text summarisation using t5, text generation using gemma 2b, mistral 7b, llama2 7b, llama3 8b, text classification using bert, distilbert, roberta, deberta, mpnet
    projects - used LLMs to generate in kannada language (fine tuned the model on custom as well as open source data)
    prompt injection detection
    hallucination detection
    ai generated text classification
    prompt safety detection
    generate cypher text using llms

    have datasets for these also 
    
    Github - Project repositories.
    published Graphretrieval and Multimodal Graphretrieval python libraries
    has my projects: (most of the backend is developed on python)
    GRAEL - GRAEL - graph retrieval for education (education, graph rag, new library, web tech, html, js, streamlit, text semantics, rag, llms, ai, deployed on netlify) apps include - code explainer, ai virtual teacher, mindmap and roadmap generatot, notes generator, research assistant, youtube transcript and notes generator, quiz generator, the one stop app for all education needs, course genrator, pdf question answering, knowledge base question ansering
    Blogify.ai - Full stack mern app - Blogify.ai is a blog sharing platform powered by generative AI. This platform generates AI generated images for your blog and provides multiple analytics such as Sentiment Analysis and Keywords. 
    TLDWR - TL;DWR is a multilingual browser extension that can summarise websites, YouTube Videos, playlists, full stack app using Flask and HTML CSS Javascript
    LAW-IO-BUDDY is a browser extension that allows users to question websites, chat with a legal chatbot and perform legal research through a vast database of legal documents. Full stack, HTML CSS Javascript, Fast API, LLMs
    Unifactory - is a novel web application which generates wonderful narratives and complements the stories with visually striking images. The stories are interactive and can create storybooks as pdfs. ReactJS, Fast API, LLMs, Image Generation
    Mindmon is a platform where students can learn while playing interactive games. It is based on the famous turn based game, Pokemon. Educational game, browser extension, MCQs, HTML CSS, Flask, LLMs
    Brainzy Discover a smarter way to learn with Brainzy! Use mind maps, short summaries, and an AI chatbot for a more engaging and efficient online learning experience. Uses Graphs, LLMs, Python
    WorkoutWizard is a fitness monitoring platform powered by AI. It tracks the user's nutrition, diet, generates workout recommendations and plans and most importantly tracks user's posture using a camera. ReactJs, Firebase, Pose tracking, Mediapipe
    Using hand gestures to navigate and control computers wihtout physical devices. Uses an LSTM neural network along with mediapipe for hand tracking. Python, scikit learn, Tensorflow
    pdfgpt - Chat with your PDFs using Large Language Models such as GPT4 or LLama-2. 
    Webgpt - Chat with websites using Large Language Models such as GPT4 or LLama-2 using a browser extension. Also find similar content on webpages using similarity search.
    
Experience

    Artificial Intelligence Intern - Sparkflows (July 2023 - July 2024)
    Data Analyst Intern - Teksystems (Sept 2022 - Oct 2022)

Achievements

Link to all certificates, certificates

1) Head of Editorial committee, Department of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, New Horizon College of Engineering. (2021-2022)

2) IEEE member, New Horizon College of Engineering. (2021-2023)

3) Best Performing ISTE chapter student award 2023 by ISTE Karnataka State Section.

4) Runners Up in Builders Camp hackathon 2023, sponsored by Intel and AWS held in Bangalore. Developed a responsive chatbot using Intels Development kits on their OneAPI cloud platform.

5) Top 5 Projects in “Chainlink” category and top 10 projects in “FVM” category in EthForAll (2023) blockchain hackathon by Devfolio, a blog sharing platform powered by AI tools secured a cash prize of 1500 US Dollars.

6) Category Winner in the Vectara hackathon 2023 organised by Lablab.ai, received a cash prize of 500 US Dollars and 1500 Dollars in Vectara credits.

7) Won Institutional Level of GeeksforGeeks “Solving for India” Hackathon 2023, sponsored by AMD and Google and Participated in Regional level competing with 75 other teams from 25 Top colleges from Southern India.

8) 2nd Runners Up in “NMIT hacks 2023”, Hackathon conducted by Nitte Meenakshi Institute of Technology, Bangalore.

9) Winner of Hackzon Hackathon, New Horizon College of Engineering, 2022.

10) Winner of New Horizon Idea Hackathon 2022. (New Horizon College of Engineering).

11) Winner of Ur-Hackathon 3.0, 2023, RV University, Bangalore.

12) Certificate of Appreciation for conducting a workshop on “Introduction to Blockchain”, 2023.

13) Top 10 projects in “Stranger Hacks GPT era” national level hackathon by devfolio, 2023.

Certificates

    Generative AI with Large Language Models (AWS and Deeplearning.ai), certificate
    Microsoft certified Azure Fundamentals, certificate
    Build Basic Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) by Deeplearning.ai, certificate
    Deep Learning Specialisation, certificate


    Currently Researching

    Boosting LLM RAGs using graph neural networks.
    Image Search Engine using vector databases.
    Multimodal LLMs and agents.
    LLM fine-tuning.

Research Experience

    Research Assistant under Professor and Head, Dr. N V Uma Reddy. (Oct 2022 - March 2023)
        Worked on Gesture Recognition and Image Captioning.
    Research Assistant under Professor, Dr Sreejith S. (June 2023 - July 2023)
        Worked on fine-tuning Transformer models.

Research and Innovation

    Certificate of appreciation by New Horizon Research and Development Cell for publishing 3 Patents and participating in Government schemes and events for research and development, 2023.
    Project “TL;DWR” selected for government scheme, YUKTI (National Innovation Repository).
    Patent selected for KAPILA government scheme for IP filing.

